Add dependency mapping RFC addendum (#261)
paketo-buildpacks/rfcs: text/0010-dependency-mappings.md

## Detailed Explanation

### Discovery

> If one or more bindings of kind or type `dependency-mapping` are present, buildpacks should respect any URIs found in the binding. The lookup digest should be included as `checksum` in the form of `<algorithm>:<hash>` (or `sha256` in the form of `<hash>`) of the dependency should be used to lookup mapped URIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one or more bindings of kind or type `dependency-mapping` are present, then a buildpack should use the bindings in its dependency resolution process. The dependency's digest, included as `checksum` in the form of `<algorithm>:<hash>` (or `sha256` in the form of `<hash>`), should be used to lookup an alternative URIs.
```

Splitting hairs, but I think this sentence is a little confusing. Suggestion ^^.

Author: made a slight change, incorporating it now.

If the digest is provided in the form of `<hash>`, it will be assumed to be of algorithm type `sha256`.

The dependency mapping implementation in the project will continue to support the use of a `sha256` as long as the `sha256` `buildpack.toml` field is supported; however, users of this feature should ideally use a `checksum`.

> ### CNB Bindings Specification Example

Reviewer: Again, splitting hairs, but I think we should put this specification second and make a note that it's deprecated and we suggest folks use the Service Binding spec for K8s.

## Prior Art

## Unresolved Questions and Bikeshedding

## Addendums

> - November 3, 2022: Modify RFC to leverage `checksum` for digest as well as a `sha256`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- November 3, 2022: Modify RFC to leverage `checksum` for digest as well as a `sha256`
- The CNB binding specification is deprecated and while still supported, you should use the Service Binding specification for Kubernetes instead.
```

Slightly off-topic, but perhaps a good time to add this addendum as well.
